# Inside-Company-financials-Analytics-and-Prediction
1. Introduction 
In this project, I am going to analyse a dataset of the financial records of a company, covering their sales and profits over time. The data includes sales of multiple products, in multiple national markets, and with different levels of discounts applied to the sales, so there is plenty of scope here for analysis of how the data breaks down into different subcategories. Based on that, we can analyse how the company responds to different markets. We will compare sales and profits to investigate how a change in sales affects the company's overall profitability. The data on discounts applied to these sales also gives the opportunity to consider how sensitive the various markets represented here are to changes in price, and whether the company ought to increase its discounts to increase profits, or the reverse.
I will present the results of this investigation graphically, by tracking key metrics over time, and also by combining this dataset with a GeoPandas dataframe to allow visualisation of performance metrics in different regions.
The aim of the project is to develop a data-driven strategy for the company to improve its performance in the future, by fine-tuning its prices, and by exploring which market segments, and countries, are performing well, and which need additional attention. Thus, we can identify potential growth opportunities in specific markets.
My data comes from Kaggle [1], under the Database Contents License (DbCL) v1.0 [2].
